Natalie Austin: Ashley.
Ashley Martin: Hi.
Natalie Austin: Ashley, how are you
Ashley Martin: Good, how are you
Natalie Austin: I'm Natalie.
Ashley Martin: I'm at, well, you know, I'm actually
Natalie Austin: Are you new to us.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Are you need to Suboxone
Ashley Martin: Know, I've been on it for a couple years now.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, did you come from another facility.
Yeah.
Ashley Martin: Yes, this is just more convenient for my schedule.
Natalie Austin: That's understandable.
Natalie Austin: You work.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, I work from seven in the morning until 330 in the afternoon.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we do.
Ashley Martin: I'm a machine operator at a little
Ashley Martin: I guess a home owner company here in Mansfield
Natalie Austin: Okay, awesome, right.
Ashley Martin: Early part
Natalie Austin: One of those companies have shut down that's good that you're still working.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, well, I'm the only the only building in the factory open still
Natalie Austin: Nobody. How many buildings are in there.
Ashley Martin: For harsh.
Forum.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Well, tell me about your story.
Natalie Austin: On or where did you go what doctor did you see for your other medicine. And what does wasn't
Ashley Martin: It was Dr. Strategic ski and it was one
Ashley Martin: Eight point is a point to
Natalie Austin: A slash to yep yeah
Ashley Martin: It was one a day but to me it wasn't enough, but I just had to stick with them. And he's just one of them doctors that he doesn't understand
Ashley Martin: He's, he's rude.
Ashley Martin: really rude.
Ashley Martin: And it just he got too much and then my schedule. I had to rush home and then rush straight to his office three times a week. And it was just getting too much.
Natalie Austin: Long three times a week.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, and to go there wants to see him and twice to see his counselor.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Ashley Martin: So it was just, it got too much of my my schedule the way it is now.
Natalie Austin: Are you on the tablets or the film.
Ashley Martin: And tablets.
Natalie Austin: And, well, why do you think one a day is not enough. What's going on with it.
It's just
Ashley Martin: It's hard to explain. I guess it's just the feeling in my body.
Ashley Martin: He kind of like late at night is aware off like late at night. Is that what you mean.
Yeah.
Ashley Martin: Like it's
Ashley Martin: Bad I'm restless at night. I'm not sleeping very well.
Natalie Austin: Were you ever on twice a day.
Ashley Martin: Yeah.
Ashley Martin: When I first started out on my was
Natalie Austin: And he was weighing you down.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So you've been on it for a couple years, two years, you said
Ashley Martin: Years. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, tell me about your whole story like how you got into Suboxone how you got into the opioid epidemic area.
Ashley Martin: Whoa, whoa.
Ashley Martin: Are you 16
Okay.
Ashley Martin: And it went on, up until I was, let's see.
Ashley Martin: 29 because I'm 31 now.
Ashley Martin: And in that time frame. I had three kids and I just got tired of looking at them with not having nothing because of me.
Ashley Martin: So I changed. I changed everything. I went into treatment. I was never inpatient treatment because I couldn't leave them.
Ashley Martin: So I just went to outpatient treatment first started off, I started off with
Ashley Martin: Go in four times a week, down to three down to three times a week. I did at first it was 333 hour sessions of group counseling with other people.
Ashley Martin: And then I went down to just here recently to just me and my boyfriend and and counseling meeting together because we we got sober together, we met. I was 23 when I met him. And that's when he caught me at the worst time of my life.
Ashley Martin: Because that's where I started using heroin and I just, I kind of fed off him because he was a recovering heroin addict. So I kind of pushed him back into the lifestyle.
Ashley Martin: And when we finally got fed up. We had two kids together when we finally got fed up.
Ashley Martin: It was him first. And he's like, we need to do this and it's just been an on March. Since then, we've done
Natalie Austin: A lot
Ashley Martin: That's great. And he's actually starting the program to because it's convenient for his work schedule because he works seasonal and it's just now going back in
So,
Natalie Austin: You can claim for two years.
Ashley Martin: Yeah yeah
Ashley Martin: I went from a bag of an Oldsmobile to a three bedroom house and working
Ashley Martin: To finance a new car. So I went upward since I started to block the Suboxone treatment.
Natalie Austin: That's wonderful. Good.
Natalie Austin: graduations
You
Natalie Austin: When's the last time you had a
Natalie Austin: Prescription or you
Natalie Austin: Tell
Ashley Martin: My doctor that I was that I just left. He just filled a script for me this week. Okay.
Ashley Martin: So I won't need one till next week, which I figured I probably had to meet with you anyways.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'd be perfect them. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So, um,
We're doing
Natalie Austin: We free just met checks on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: Okay, there's two neither you probably want to do the 6pm one we want to 6pm on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: Okay, just pop in just like we are here.
Ashley Martin: Okay, because I know that my pharmacy my pharmacy closes at 6pm they're a little just a
Ashley Martin: Little home own one business place here.
Ashley Martin: So,
Natalie Austin: Let me know before the meeting that you need a refill just caught or I could even just trying to follow your script here.
Ashley Martin: Because he, what he did was he prescribed me seven seven a week and just here recently started on Tuesdays, because of this whole epidemic.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Ashley Martin: It kind of messed up our schedule. So it's been every Tuesday. He's felt my script of seven.
Okay.
Ashley Martin: But other than that.
Natalie Austin: I'll get you up to Thursday's and that's one of the groups are at least
Natalie Austin: Okay, so next week. So next Tuesday. You'll be out you'll need it. Next Tuesday. Right.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Okay, so next Tuesday.
Natalie Austin: Call them.
Natalie Austin: I
Natalie Austin: See, not having any withdrawal symptoms right now nothing
Ashley Martin: No, I've been trying to I've been maintained and I just don't sleep at night anymore.
Natalie Austin: Since you went down to once a day.
Natalie Austin: Here, how long have you been there once a day. What did he drop you down.
Ashley Martin: Um, it was just a couple weeks ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I know.
Ashley Martin: I see it's ice.
Natalie Austin: Up to two or one and a half, either one and a half a day.
Ashley Martin: Or two, uh, can we go
Natalie Austin: Backwards, but
Natalie Austin: Also to feel comfortable
Ashley Martin: A one and a half would be fine.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Ashley Martin: Did I don't want to go too high because I don't want to. I don't want to go back to like where it was. I couldn't handle not being without it but
I slept.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I want to present the one and a half daily, then that's good. Perfect.
Natalie Austin: There's a nice middle of the road.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, that's just, I think if you
Natalie Austin: Take one
Natalie Austin: You can take one in the morning and a half at night. Yes, you know,
Ashley Martin: That's what I, that's what I used to do.
Ashley Martin: Is as soon as I got up to go to work I would take my medicine.
Ashley Martin: I go to work and then about five o'clock.
Ashley Martin: About five o'clock I take the have and by eight, I'd be ready to lay down and just sleep.
Natalie Austin: Good. Okay.
Ashley Martin: I appreciate it. Thanks.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go over your past medical history, do you have any diabetes, hypertension,
No.
Ashley Martin: No. Only thing I have is, I'm Pepsi positive
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, no reflect that reflects anxiety, depression,
Ashley Martin: Anxiety and depression and I am in my bag. But my primary care takes care of that.
Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Is that one of your little ones there.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, that's my baby.
Natalie Austin: How old
Ashley Martin: She's a one and a half.
She'll be good.
Natalie Austin: When
Ashley Martin: June.
Natalie Austin: June.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, she's a monkey. She won't stay off my stairs, she's fallen down like three or four and sculptor knows
Natalie Austin: On the stairs.
Natalie Austin: No, no.
Ashley Martin: I didn't block it off with my couch. So
Ashley Martin: She's able to cover my couch.
Ashley Martin: Him for
Natalie Austin: Any surgeries in the past.
Ashley Martin: Um, I had my tubes tied back
Ashley Martin: I'm going to say, like, a year and a half ago.
Ashley Martin: Okay, wait, after she was born. Okay.
Yeah.
Ashley Martin: And
Ashley Martin: And my tonsils out when I was seven wisdom teeth when I was 18
Ashley Martin: Hey, that's it.
Natalie Austin: You still have your gallbladder and appendix.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: How about family history or your parents still alive.
Ashley Martin: My mom is my dad, as far as I know he is. I don't see him only see him. I only
Ashley Martin: I've only seen posts on Facebook off my sister's Facebook.
Okay.
Ashley Martin: My mom still alive though.
Natalie Austin: How she doing, she well she does she have high blood pressure and diabetes any issues with her.
Ashley Martin: His blood pressure and she has emphysema.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Do you know how old are you, how old is she now 5151 okay
Natalie Austin: I need. I'll talk to your dad anymore.
No.
Since
Ashley Martin: I was 16
Ashley Martin: Right right before my drug addiction got really bad.
Right.
Ashley Martin: It's when
Ashley Martin: You want nothing to do
Natalie Austin: The drug addiction could come from like anything any related any issues or did it just come out of
Ashley Martin: It started off because of like I used my knee my knee when I knew how painkillers made me feel I started
Natalie Austin: Me okay you hurt your knee. Yes. Right.
Ashley Martin: I hurt my knee I while I have this disease in it so that started at all and I
Ashley Martin: It just got worse. As the years went by and I just
Ashley Martin: I noticed that it wasn't born. That's how I got into one.
Natalie Austin: Right, okay.
Natalie Austin: You ever had surgery on your game.
Ashley Martin: No I all only thing I've had done is I've just got fitted for a mobilizer
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Do you are that now.
Ashley Martin: I'm waiting for it to be ordered and I'm waiting for him. He's got it.
Natalie Austin: Perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you're writing your left knee.
Ashley Martin: my right knee my
Ashley Martin: Baby
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, sister. Do you have any
Natalie Austin: Other sisters or brothers.
Ashley Martin: I have a sister. I don't know how she's doing she moved down to Georgia like eight years ago and I've heard nothing
Natalie Austin: Older younger
Ashley Martin: He's older than I am.
Ashley Martin: years older than me. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'll talk to her at all, not even on Facebook.
No.
Ashley Martin: That's mommy's doctor
How are you
Ashley Martin: Good.
Natalie Austin: being good for mommy and daddy.
Natalie Austin: That's very important.
Ashley Martin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Give them lots of love. Okay. Your Mommy Daddy kisses.
Ashley Martin: Okay.
Ashley Martin: The mosaic.
Natalie Austin: Law.
Natalie Austin: Grow up with this. We're going to know this as a lifestyle.
Ashley Martin: I've, I've noticed a change in her. She went through some of it in the beginning right after it. She was just a little bit over one years old when I got super so she she knows how it feels, not to have a place to live and I think she remembers that
Ashley Martin: Really yeah I believe it or not, it's just some actions that she shows
Ashley Martin: So, but she she's calmed down a lot. And she's noticed with stable and we've got
Ashley Martin: We're not going away, they're not moving.
Ashley Martin: To she has her own bed. She's not sleeping in a playful and wondering if she's gonna have to move
Ashley Martin: So,
Ashley Martin: It's nice and this little ones never even seen it so
Ashley Martin: Thank goodness. All right.
Natalie Austin: Where's your oldest your last one. My
Ashley Martin: Oldest daughter's in foster care. I'm working on getting her bag. My grandma lost her about nine months ago and I've been to. I've been working on, get her back through them their children's services in Ashland
Ashley Martin: But she'll as of right now, as my cat my caseworker says she just put in a petition inverted come home every weekend and then it'll be every it'll be all the time. Shortly after that.
Ashley Martin: So,
Natalie Austin: Your grandmother was watching her.
Ashley Martin: For you. Yes, she took custody custody to me about over about three years ago.
Ashley Martin: Services about nine months ago.
Ashley Martin: Okay. Oh, she got she caught me in the worst time when I was just starting to get sober.
Ashley Martin: She didn't believe
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: How long is your oldest daughter.
Natalie Austin: Eight a
Natalie Austin: Good to see you soon, then, huh.
Ashley Martin: Yeah.
Ashley Martin: I see your every other weekend right now and
Ashley Martin: Most, most every weekend.
Ashley Martin: That's your hopefully here soon. It won't be I'm
Ashley Martin: I'm thinking within the month that she's trying to put this all together. So I'm hoping it will happen.
Natalie Austin: For you. I hope so too long. Yeah, three girls.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Oh, what a divas.
Ashley Martin: It's going to be rough in the teenage
Ashley Martin: The, the youngest who are close enough together, they're going to be fighting
Ashley Martin: Nailed it.
Ashley Martin: Will be turning she'll be 18 winner little her youngest sisters 14
Okay.
Natalie Austin: What
Ashley Martin: Would you do won't be
Natalie Austin: Under social history.
Natalie Austin: You're married, you're married single divorced your fiance.
Ashley Martin: I have a fiance.
Natalie Austin: Have three kids.
Natalie Austin: Yes, eight
Natalie Austin: Almost once a what's held the second one. She's 3383 and one and a half.
Natalie Austin: And you're employed as a factory worker.
Ashley Martin: Say that again, sorry.
Natalie Austin: You're employed as a factory worker.
Ashley Martin: machine operator in a packer.
Ashley Martin: A factory.
Natalie Austin: Right, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, any alcohol or tobacco use.
Ashley Martin: I smoke cigarettes.
Ashley Martin: I was I wanted to be honest with you I smoke weed once in a while to
Natalie Austin: Get your, you can get your medical marijuana card. You know, it's legal in Ohio.
Natalie Austin: He said to go on the website just get the medical marijuana
Ashley Martin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just go on it. Some opioid addiction is one of the diagnoses that we could use for that.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: You
Ashley Martin: Know, he told me if I if I had waited my system, he was gonna kick me out of the program.
Ashley Martin: You
Ashley Martin: Guys, he thinks that just because he's a doctor. He's a god.
Ashley Martin: So,
Natalie Austin: I'm sorry.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, and I dealt I've dealt with him for a little I think about a year and a half now. So, yeah.
Ashley Martin: I can
Natalie Austin: Oh this view, just go.
Natalie Austin: Just go. Go on, Ohio medical car of medical marijuana card.
Natalie Austin: And there's a for me download
Natalie Austin: Needed to find a local doctor to sign it, but
Natalie Austin: That's all.
Ashley Martin: Oh, okay. Eric
Ashley Martin: Pretty simple.
Natalie Austin: An email and email and money to the government for the VIP that you'll get in the mail.
Ashley Martin: Okay, yeah, I'm gonna definitely do that because I'm much more relaxed when I'm smoking me then when I am would without I'm anxious and angry all the time. If I'm not smoking weed. It's weird.
Natalie Austin: Okay so social history.
I don't
Ashley Martin: Know a meetings or nothing like that because I feel like going out there and
Natalie Austin: I heard that.
Ashley Martin: I don't socialize with anybody.
Ashley Martin: I mainly go to work and then come home and
Ashley Martin: It's much better than I cut everybody out of my life because I have no way of going backwards. If I keep anybody
Ashley Martin: In that
Ashley Martin: In that kind of lifestyle. So I just, I don't really have a solution.
Natalie Austin: Once okay your kids or your life, your boyfriend.
fiance.
Ashley Martin: They keep you busy enough
I know
Ashley Martin: Especially this one. Yeah. You keep me busy.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any allergies anything
Ashley Martin: I'm just
Ashley Martin: oxy cycling. It gives me hives.
Ashley Martin: Sodas Tramadol it gives the terminal gives me knives. Other than that, no.
Natalie Austin: Medications
Ashley Martin: Just Suboxone daily and gabapentin
Ashley Martin: What
Ashley Martin: Huh.
Natalie Austin: How much you have a pen.
Ashley Martin: On my take three a day.
Natalie Austin: 300
Natalie Austin: Or 600 800 800. What does that for
Ashley Martin: My
Ashley Martin: My side nerve in my bag.
Ashley Martin: And it also helps my knee.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Ashley Martin: Know,
Natalie Austin: Hey,
Natalie Austin: Hold on so many other you
Said,
Ashley Martin: Just here recently it's been I I sleep a little bit but not much. It's only like maybe two, three hours a night.
Okay.
Ashley Martin: For that none. I haven't
Natalie Austin: any difficulty walking
Natalie Austin: Know any swelling in your knee.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, a little bit.
Natalie Austin: Of a demon right now.
Natalie Austin: No, um,
Natalie Austin: Any real rashes, no bumps lumps.
Natalie Austin: Know didn't bother urinating. No. Okay. So 14 point system reviewed essentially negative but positive for insomnia positive for right knee edema.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: And positive or is it maybe a little bit
Ashley Martin: Yeah, I have anxiety.
Natalie Austin: And then physical exam general auto owners white female know keep the stress. How tall are you,
Ashley Martin: I'm fine for
Natalie Austin: I hate to spy for all of your weight. What's your way.
Ashley Martin: From 25
Natalie Austin: To 25 hours away.
Natalie Austin: Party at sauces attack lungs my labor aspirations admin on the standard extremities know Dema
Can be ankles.
Model deal with the right knee.
Natalie Austin: Bipolar different times.
Natalie Austin: 300 PM or two to 12 and tax.
Natalie Austin: Again, no rashes.
Ashley Martin: No, no, no.
Ashley Martin: No.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Going to send that prescription out so Hold on one sec, oh no, I can't send it. Yeah, I want to make sure your pharmacy is in here. Okay.
Ashley Martin: I'm not even
Natalie Austin: Sure it's system here.
Natalie Austin: last names Lee.
Ashley Martin: M AR T i am
Ashley Martin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What's your date of birth, definitely.
11 1888
Natalie Austin: What's the name of that pharmacy. It wasn't sure.
Ashley Martin: It's her W. H. You
Ashley Martin: Sh.
I've heard of that.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, it's on nor diamond Street. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: Six o'clock every night.
Ashley Martin: Their
Ashley Martin: Family own pharmacy and I like to. I like supporting their business. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Got the allergies is a doctor cycle and fail at all costs hives medications or Suboxone
Natalie Austin: To one and a half daily
Ashley Martin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Devon, Penny hundred three times. He had an all girls to three times a day.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, my, my primary care.
Okay, perfect. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Then I am
Assessment.
Natalie Austin: That is see chronic low back pain and anxiety, depression, Oscar slaughters disease quit.
Natalie Austin: Like right knee.
Natalie Austin: Osteoarthritis I guess is the word for that, um,
Natalie Austin: opioid abuse one 1.10
Natalie Austin: And do you plan will continue on.
Natalie Austin: People talking to each last two tabs one and a half daily
Natalie Austin: Next Thursday and group.
Natalie Austin: at 6pm to 6pm group next Thursday.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: If you want individual we have individual counseling.
Natalie Austin: And if you want me with me individually, you can too. But I'll be in that group on Thursdays both groups noon and eight minutes six
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Just tell me if you have any issues, you need to refill just mentioned it there.
Natalie Austin: Okay, now I'll do my month monthly drug screens, they'll just send it to you in the mail.
Okay.
And then
Natalie Austin: Was that did you get an email on that yet.
Ashley Martin: I don't think so. I'd have to check my
Ashley Martin: Email popping up for some reason.
Ashley Martin: Why a quick
Ashley Martin: Yeah, you guys, Lord.
Natalie Austin: Screens
Ashley Martin: And then whatever
Natalie Austin: Is the one time bloodwork just
Natalie Austin: your overall health.
Ashley Martin: Okay, yeah, that's fine. I used to it, because every program that I've ever started they've taken
Ashley Martin: Riah
Natalie Austin: Follow up
Natalie Austin: Post on with Dr. Jamison monthly will check monthly wars mental health exam completed.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
Ashley Martin: I know not as not as of right now, if I think of any I'll ask you later.
Natalie Austin: When
Natalie Austin: Is your fiance gonna is it gonna start as well.
Ashley Martin: Yeah, he's supposed to their supposed to call him back today at three and they never did. So he's has to get ahold of them.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Sounds good. I'll remind them to
Ashley Martin: Okay, I appreciate Jeremy Robinette is who that who they're supposed to be calling, they were supposed to call it i think i think it was three o'clock.
Natalie Austin: Okay, Robin.
Ashley Martin: Robin at our OB i n e TT
Natalie Austin: Okay, that she was supposed to call him.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I'll send her a message, reminding her
Ashley Martin: Okay, I appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: And what's his name.
Ashley Martin: Jeremy je R. E. M. Why
Ashley Martin: Robinette R OB i n e TT
Natalie Austin: Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: Oh my truly calm. Again, this reschedule up
Ashley Martin: Okay, I appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: I'm like a fall with your PCP for your gabapentin prescription
Ashley Martin: Okay, yeah.
Ashley Martin: I think I see her at the end of the known next week, next week.
Natalie Austin: On telemedicine to
Natalie Austin: You see her on the telemedicine to or you have to go in
Ashley Martin: I you I was going in. I don't know for sure now so I'm gonna have to call up the urgent care that she sees me in every month and find out how I'm supposed to contact her
Natalie Austin: Yeah. A lot of places are doing the telemedicine now.
Ashley Martin: What would be
Ashley Martin: Easier for me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, no. That'd be awesome. Yeah, definitely call and see if they have that. Yeah.
Ashley Martin: My I taken these kids out is horrible.
Natalie Austin: No.
Ashley Martin: They drive me nuts when I take him to the doctor and we're there for two hours. Oh, my lord, I can't keep them out of nothing.
Ashley Martin: Like, no.
Ashley Martin: I just got a tablet for that one. So it just that one help that help
Ashley Martin: Give me a heart attack.
Natalie Austin: I hear ya.
Ashley Martin: He sitting on the dresser. Now in diapers.
Natalie Austin: You're caught. What are you doing, you got caught.
Natalie Austin: writing something from you.
Yeah.
Ashley Martin: But I appreciate this. And I'm so glad I'm able to join you guys because it's just more convenient.
Natalie Austin: Good. I'm glad I'm glad to be here for you.
Natalie Austin: Any other questions, feel
Natalie Austin: Free to call our office. Okay.
Ashley Martin: I will, thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay. You're welcome. All right. You too.
Ashley Martin: Bye.
Bye, sweetie.
Natalie Austin: Kisses oh
Natalie Austin: Sweet. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: What a sweetheart.
Natalie Austin: You do by Ashley.
Bye.